docs: add posts on managing subscription plans (#667)
devopness/devopness: docs/billing-and-plans/upgrade-from-free-plan.md

---
title: Upgrade from Free Subscription Plan

> intro: Sometimes your projects have a high demand for changes and your Devopness free credits reach the limit. Upgrade from free subscription plan to ensure your team can continue to iterate on the projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: Your projects can benefit from advanced features or need extra credits to reach its demands. Upgrade your subscription at any time to ensure your team can access all benefits of managing your projects with Devopness.
```

links:
    overview:
    quickstart:
    previous:
    next:
    guides:
    related:
    featured:
---

1. On Devopness, in the upper-right corner of any page, click your profile icon then click `Billing & plans`

>     > This page shows the current subscription plan information including: plan name, credit limit, remaining credits and expiration date.

Reviewer: No need to list web page fields, as discussed in previous comments.

1. Click `MANAGE YOUR PLAN`

>     > This will open your billing page

Reviewer: Should be consistent with the wording used in `cancel subscription`.

Author: ```suggestion
    > This will redirect you to the billing management page
```
